docs(cloud): port Studios SSH user content from enterprise (#1608)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/troubleshooting_and_faqs/studios_troubleshooting.md

| ini:1.0.0        | CVE-2020-7788⁠       |
| diff:1.0.0       | GHSA-h6ch-v84p-w6p9⁠ |

## SSH connections (public preview)

### Permission denied (publickey)

```bash
ssh user@studio-session-id@connect.example.com
# user@studio-session-id@connect.example.com: Permission denied (publickey).
```

If you receive a permission denied error, there are several possible causes:

1. Verify the user has the correct role and permissions in the workspace.
2. Check that the user's SSH public key is configured in their Seqera user profile.

> 3. Ensure SSH was enabled when adding the Studio using the **SSH Connection** toggle. The SSH setting persists across stop/start but defaults to disabled for new Studios.

Reviewer: Per my other comment - studios don't persist SSH setting across sessions.
```suggestion
3. Ensure SSH was enabled when starting the Studio using the **SSH Connection** toggle. The SSH setting defaults to disabled for new Studios.
4. Ensure the Studio is built with Connect Client version 0.10.0 or later
```
